---
published: true
layout: post
title: What is our purpose? 
author: sid
categories:
  - Poetry
tags:
  - Life
image: assets/images/purpose.jpg
comments: false
---
***Amidst the collapse of the world during quarantine I sat down and inked down all that I felt...***


> In this busy life, we don't really have the time, <br>
We just want to get ahead in line <br>
Even if it costs us a hefty fine. <br>
Reaching to the top is what we all desire, <br>
What flows through our veins is a raging fire<br>
That pushes us to go higher and higher. <br>
A hunger to conquer the goals we've set, <br>
If unfinished we feel like we're in debt<br>
And it makes us wish for things which we don't get. <br>
> 
> We come into this world with a purpose, <br>
But expectations from others often make it dangerous <br>
And right from the word get-go it's a game of versus.<br>
Support leads to motivation but motivation often turns to pressure, <br>
We end up feeling like we're under an oppressor<br>
Being deprived of our choices that are a treasure.<br>
We have dreams which lead us on the path of self discovery,<br>
But those are often snatched away by people who are unworthy<br>
Because they always know how to play the game dirty. <br>
> 
> Purpose gives our life a meaning and acts as a guide,<br>
Sometimes we have to keep our freedom aside<br>
And let ourselves flow with the tide.<br>
There is no time limit on purpose as it is not easy to find, <br>
If we become desperate, it can end up making us blind<br>
And push us further down the line.<br>
Fulfilling our purpose is the ultimate destiny, <br>
We take losses, face hardships on our way but reach the peak eventually<br>
And that's the moment when we finally attain serenity.<br>
>
> Resting at the peak with the chapter of our purpose coming to a conclusion,<br>
We fought our way and made some tough decisions<br>
And realised that our fears were just an illusion.<br>
We gained knowledge, learnt lessons, had the time of our life, <br>
It would have not been possible without any sacrifice<br>
That got us to rest at this beautiful paradise.<br>
What we choose to do could be filled with despair or ecstasy,<br>
It's important to be compassionate and have empathy<br>
For our purpose also involves leaving behind a legacy.<br>

